docs/resources/marketplace_wellness_offering.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lifeomic_marketplace_wellness_offering Resource - terraform-provider-lifeomic"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  marketplacewellnessoffering manages Wellness Offering subsidies
---

# lifeomic_marketplace_wellness_offering (Resource)

marketplace_wellness_offering manages Wellness Offering subsidies



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `approximate_unit_cost` (Number) The approximate per unit cost of the module represented in USD Pennies
- `configuration_schema` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the Wellness Offering
- `image_url` (String)
- `info_url` (String)
- `install_url` (String)
- `is_enabled` (Boolean)
- `marketplace_provider` (String)
- `subsidy_type` (String)
- `title` (String) The title of the Wellness Offering

### Optional

- `id` (String) An optional id for the Wellness Offering
- `is_test_module` (Boolean)
- `parent_module_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `is_approved` (Boolean)
- `version` (String)

Commit message:

feat: [PW-850] Add app link

docs/resources/marketplace_wellness_offering.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lifeomic_marketplace_wellness_offering Resource - terraform-provider-lifeomic"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  marketplacewellnessoffering manages Wellness Offering subsidies
---

# lifeomic_marketplace_wellness_offering (Resource)

marketplace_wellness_offering manages Wellness Offering subsidies



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `approximate_unit_cost` (Number) The approximate per unit cost of the module represented in USD Pennies
- `configuration_schema` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the Wellness Offering
- `image_url` (String)
- `info_url` (String)
- `install_url` (String)
- `is_enabled` (Boolean)
- `marketplace_provider` (String)
- `subsidy_type` (String) One of SERVICE | REDEMPTION | LIFE_LEAGUE_PARTNER | LIFE_LEAGUE_PARENT
- `title` (String) The title of the Wellness Offering

### Optional

- `app_link` (String) Link to open the subsidy in-app
- `id` (String) An optional id for the Wellness Offering
- `is_test_module` (Boolean)
- `parent_module_id` (String)

### Read-Only

- `is_approved` (Boolean)
- `version` (String)
