docs/resources/policy.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "phc_policy Resource - terraform-provider-phc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  phc_policy manages an Attribute Based Access Control (ABAC) policy https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/user-guides/access-control#privileges-and-permissions.
---

# phc_policy (Resource)

`phc_policy` manages an [Attribute Based Access Control (ABAC) policy](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/user-guides/access-control#privileges-and-permissions).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "phc_policy" "my-policy" {
  name = "my-policy"

  rule {
    operation = "readData"

    comparison {
      subject = "user.id"
      type    = "equals"
      value   = "bob"
    }

    comparison {
      subject = "user.groups"
      type    = "includes"
      values  = ["admin", "doctor"] 
    }

    comparison {
      subject = "user.patients"
      type    = "equals"
      target  = "resource.subjects"
    }
  }


  rule {
    operation = "readMaskedData"

    comparison {
      subject = "user.id"
      type    = "equals"
      value   = "john"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of this ABAC policy.
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1) An ABAC [rule](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#rules) containing comparisons to be evaluated for the given operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of this ABAC policy resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `comparison` (Block List, Min: 1) An ABAC comparison. Exactly one of `value`, `values`, or `target` should be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--comparison))
- `operation` (String) The [operation](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#operations) this ABAC rule governs.

<a id="nestedblock--rule--comparison"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.comparison`

Required:

- `subject` (String) The subject is the [attribute](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#attributes) used in this ABAC comparison.
- `type` (String) The [type](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#supported-comparisons) of ABAC comparison.

Optional:

- `target` (String) The target to use in this ABAC comparison.
- `value` (String) The value to use in this ABAC comparison.
- `values` (List of String) The values to use in this ABAC comparison.

Commit message:

generate docs for rule.allowed

docs/resources/policy.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "phc_policy Resource - terraform-provider-phc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  phc_policy manages an Attribute Based Access Control (ABAC) policy https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/user-guides/access-control#privileges-and-permissions.
---

# phc_policy (Resource)

`phc_policy` manages an [Attribute Based Access Control (ABAC) policy](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/user-guides/access-control#privileges-and-permissions).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "phc_policy" "my-policy" {
  name = "my-policy"

  rule {
    operation = "readData"

    comparison {
      subject = "user.id"
      type    = "equals"
      value   = "bob"
    }

    comparison {
      subject = "user.groups"
      type    = "includes"
      values  = ["admin", "doctor"] 
    }

    comparison {
      subject = "user.patients"
      type    = "equals"
      target  = "resource.subjects"
    }
  }


  rule {
    operation = "readMaskedData"

    comparison {
      subject = "user.id"
      type    = "equals"
      value   = "john"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of this ABAC policy.
- `rule` (Block List, Min: 1) An ABAC [rule](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#rules) containing comparisons to be evaluated for the given operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of this ABAC policy resource.

<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `operation` (String) The [operation](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#operations) this ABAC rule governs.Exactly one of `comparison` and `allowed` should be set.

Optional:

- `allowed` (Boolean) A describing whether this operation is allowed. Must either be null or true.
- `comparison` (Block List) An ABAC comparison. Exactly one of `value`, `values`, or `target` should be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--comparison))

<a id="nestedblock--rule--comparison"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.comparison`

Required:

- `subject` (String) The subject is the [attribute](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#attributes) used in this ABAC comparison.
- `type` (String) The [type](https://phc.docs.lifeomic.com/development/abac-syntax#supported-comparisons) of ABAC comparison.

Optional:

- `target` (String) The target to use in this ABAC comparison.
- `value` (String) The value to use in this ABAC comparison.
- `values` (List of String) The values to use in this ABAC comparison.
